[Music]
the marble caves in chile are one of the
most far-off natural wonders of the
world
the cathedral the chapel and the cave
are the three main attractions
they're a group of black and white
caverns columns and tunnels made of
marble
waves have been shaping them over
thousands of years and they're still
going strong
the caves and turquoise water waves team
up to make a sweet light show
when summer starts an ordinary looking
river in columbia
transforms into a liquid rainbow kanyo
crestales
also known as the most beautiful river
in the world
sparkles in five colors red black green
blue and yellow it only looks like this
for six months a year
because of the special underwater plant
that makes all those colors
it needs the perfect amount of sunshine
and water to work its magic
the river in docky india is a kayaker's
dream
it's emerald and so transparent you can
see all
the way to the bottom bright pebbles
stones and fish
the colorful fishing boats seem to be
floating on glass
the only sounds you can hear are the
swirling of the river
and the occasional bird flying past
one of the cleanest villages in the
world isn't far from the emerald river
it has three street cleaners who work
every day even in heavy rain
the locals plant flowers and bushes all
over the village
and cars aren't allowed the parking fee
for tourists
is used to pay for more street cleaning
the cost of littering
a fine or even jail
blue lake in new zealand is one of the
world's clearest lakes
it's basically like looking at distilled
water you can even see
blue violet shades in it which is super
rare
the water comes from its neighbor an icy
glacier lake
the local maori people don't let you
swim there you can't even dip your toes
in
they believe the lake has special powers
liskintar beach is an endless stretch of
white sand dunes and perfect blue water
but don't let the tropical vibe fool you
it's in scotland
that's why it only looks nice in may and
june in december the place only gets an
hour of sunshine per day
so it looks pretty bleak
flyfower lake in china's juicy gao
valley
changes from yellow to emerald green
dark jade delight turquoise
and sometimes even coral color which i
didn't even know existed
it never freezes thanks to underwater
hot springs
and never dries up like some of its
neighbors
the local legend is that it's made up of
pieces of a mirror
that fell from the sky the surrounding
valley has some of those classic hills
with above ground caves in them
spectacular waterfalls around 140
different birds
and a couple of giant pandas and other
endangered plants and animals
the southern ocean near antarctica has
the cleanest air in the world
it's so clear scientists could barely
find any dna in it to analyze
just some random marine bacteria
antarctica itself is 99
eyes and has mind-blowing blue glaciers
active volcanoes and the best views of
crispy clean snow
anywhere in the world mount haleakala
in hawaii is one of the quietest places
in the world
rangers there often measure exactly zero
sound
its name in hawaiian means house of the
sun
it was formed thanks to a one million
year old volcano
lava built up over the years and grew
into a mountain
it has its own climate and weather
that's almost impossible to predict
now it takes almost a week by ship to
travel from south africa to the world's
most
isolated settlement edinburgh of the
seven seas
great name alert you need special local
government permission to visit
the roughly 300 locals all treat each
other as family
grow their own food and keep their
island impeccably clean
daintree forest in australia is the
oldest rainforest in the world
it's been around for over 100 million
years and is home to twelve thousand
types of insects
and about ninety percent of australia's
butterfly and bat population
it's also home to about three thousand
different kinds of plants
the basaruto archipelago in the indian
ocean
has crystal white sands and unspoiled
coral reefs
and almost no tourists it's an official
marine reserve
so commercial fishing is off limits you
can still see fishermen in traditional
old boats though
that's why the corals are still in
perfect condition buzzardo is
also home to some of the last remaining
sea cows
a mysterious emerald bamboo grove is
located a short train ride away from
kyoto
it's like a portal into another universe
the creaking and rustling sounds
make it one of the top 100 soundscapes
in japan
local artists make baskets coasters and
chopstick rests
all out of bamboo the great bear
rainforest in british columbia
is famous for its 1 000 year old cedars
mossy waterfalls
water the color of granite and crystal
clear streams
it's home to the rare cream-colored
commodity bear
also known as spirit bear add some sitka
deer
coastal gray wolves cougars mountain
goats
orcas salmon sea lions sea otters
humpback whales
um you get the picture the secret
of the candy floss pink sand beach in
barbuda
is that it's made of crushed corals with
tiny single cell
red things living beneath you can see
the famous pink shade when the waves are
strong enough
this place doesn't have any public
facilities so it's much less crowded
than other caribbean islands
and that's why it's so clean
now it took thousands of years to form
the picking any ponds in australia
underground water crept slowly up to the
surface through
all that limestone it formed a large
underwater cavern with amazing white
walls
you need a special permit to dive there
but it's definitely worth it
lapland in finland has some of the
cleanest air in the world
it also has those spectacular northern
lights
snow smothered trees and endless white
landscapes
the first humans arrived here around 7
000 years ago
they were mostly reindeer herders and
now there are more reindeer than there
are people
and reindeer don't exactly pollute
the plavissa lakes national park is one
of the most popular tourist attraction
in correlation
it has 16 clear and colorful lakes all
connected by waterfalls
deer bears wolves boars and rare birds
roam around
enjoying the unspoiled nature it's a
unesco world heritage site
so they gotta keep it clean
60 million years ago a big and angry
volcano woke up
in present-day northern ireland it spat
out a bunch of molten basalt
a special type of lava it cooled and
turned into forty thousand interlocking
stepping stones
leading down to the sea local legend
says they're so perfectly shaped
because they were made by an irish giant
he had to build a road into the sea to
get to his foe in scotland
bidabi surt in northern iran has some
unique travertine terraces
basically an epic staircase it took
thousands of years to form
two different mineral hot springs flow
downhill leaving behind
a jelly-like goo it shaped the slope
into a staircase when the water cooled
and the springs are still active one has
healing properties
the other shoots out dust that turns the
water orange
when the sun comes out it turns
everything red orange and yellow
bolivia's salty laguna colorada is a
real magnet for worldly photographers
it gets its crimson red color from algae
and rich minerals in the water it's
surrounded by high altitude desert plain
volcanoes boiling mud drifting snow and
weirdly shaped rocks it's home to three
of the world's six species of flamingo
that come here for their fill of
plankton
flamingos are actually born white but
turn pink because of
all that red algae the enchanted river
is one of the most pristine
hidden natural gems of the philippines
it's tucked in behind some mountains and
no one really knows where the water
comes from there are loads of colorful
fish swimming around but
where do they come from where do they go
nobody knows
the river looks shallow but no one's
ever managed to measure how deep it is
only a few thrill-seeking tourists visit
this mysterious river to dive into its
caves
pangong lake in the himalayas is the
world's highest saltwater lake
it has no aquatic life because of its
saltiness but it's a perfect place
for bird watching when it's a little
warmer the lake's constantly changing
colors
between blue green and even red in the
winter
it's pretty much ice